3 potatoes, sprouts removed and peeled
vegetable oil
soy dipping sauce (Choganjang 초간장)
2 T soy sauce (Jinganjang 진간장)
1 T vinegar
sprinkling of sesame seeds

Regular flour batter

1 cup flour
1 cup water
1/2 tsp sea salt

Gluten Free Batter

1 1/4 Cup gluten free flour (may vary depending on type of GF flour)
1 Cup water
1/2 tsp sea salt

Make dipping batter by mixing flour, water and salt. Mix until smooth. For Gluten Free version, use your favorite GF flour. Mine is Cup4Cup or Trader Joe’s GF flour. This particular version was made with Trader Joe’s GF flour. You may need a little more if you are making GF version because they tend to be more runny than plain flour.

Peel and remove all sprouts from potatoes. Leave in water until you are ready to cut.
Cut potatoes into slices around 0.5 cm/0.2 inches thick. If it’s too thin, the batter coating will overtake the potato and if it’s too thick it will take longer to cook all the way.

To help the potato cook, pre cook the potato slices in the microwave. About 2 minutes at full power for 3 potatoes. You are not trying to cook the potatoes all the way but just enough so that it is starting to cook. Some parts of your potato slices will be cooked and some will not.

Immediately add all the potatoes into the batter and keep it covered. Otherwise the potato will start to turn black pretty quickly.
Heat about 2 Tbs of oil in a pan on medium high heat.
Take potato slices coated with batter and then add to the pan. Reduce heat to medium.

Pan fry in oil for 4-5 minutes on each side. Cook until it is nicely browned.


While the potatoes are cooking, mix 2 Tbs soy sauce and 1 Tbs vinegar to make Choganjang. See my Korean Sauces (For Dipping) for other dipping sauce recipes.
Potatoes are done if you can easily poke through with a chopstick. The outside will be crispy and nutty while the inside will be the beautiful potato that will be soft and yummy. You can also always do a taste test instead – be careful the inside will be HOT!
