For Dough:
3 cups flour (all-purpose)
4 teaspoons sugar (white)
1 teaspoon cinnamon (ground)
3 teaspoons baking powder
1 pinch of salt
1/2 cup good quality pork lard or vegetable shortening
1 egg
3/4 cup water

For Filling:
1 cup water
4 pounds apples (peeled, cored, and cut into small cubes)
1 tablespoon cinnamon (ground)
2 cups sugar (white)
1 teaspoon lemon juice
1/8 cup water
1 cup raisins (softened in warm water and drained)
Oil or shortening for frying

Prepare the Empanada Dough:
Use a fork or a whisk to toss the flour, sugar, cinnamon, baking powder, and pinch of salt together in a large bowl.

Cut in the lard with a pastry cutter or two knives until the mixture resembles coarse meal.

Beat the egg in a medium bowl, then stir in 3/4 cup water. Add the egg to the flour mixture and knead it until a dough forms. Cover and refrigerate the dough for 30 minutes.

Make the Apple Caramel Filling:
Bring 1 cup of water to a simmer in a shallow pan. Add the apples and cinnamon and simmer until the apples turn fork-tender and the water evaporates. (Add a little more water, if necessary, for the apples to fully cook.)

Stir the sugar, lemon juice, and 1/8 cup of water together in a small saucepan. Warm it over low heat, stirring constantly, until the mixture reaches a simmer. When it turns a dark golden color (or reaches 335 F / 168 C on a candy thermometer), take it off the heat, but continue stirring constantly.

Quickly fold in the cooked apples and softened raisins.

Tip: If the filling begins to harden, return it to the stove and keep it warm over low heat.

Assemble and Fry the Apple Empanadas:
Lightly flour a surface and roll out the dough to 1/4 inch (6.3 mm) thick.

Cut out 4-inch (10-cm) circles for small empanadas, 5-inch (13-cm) circles for medium ones or 6-inch (15-cm) circles for large ones.

Place 1, 2, or 3 tablespoons of filling in the center of the small, medium, and large dough circles respectively. Fold the dough over to form a semi-circle and use a fork to press the edges together.

Refrigerate the prepared empanadas for 3 hours before you cook them.

Deep fry the cold empanadas in batches in oil (350 F / 177 C) for 6 to 7 minutes or until they turn golden brown. Drain the empanadas briefly on a metal rack or several layers of absorbent paper before you serve them.
