The Shell:

50 g cooked jasmine rice
50 g rice flour
1 cup water
¼  cup coconut milk (see note about good coconut milk above)
¼  cup shredded dried coconut (if you can get fresh, use fresh) 
30 g palm sugar, chopped
¼ tsp salt

The Filling:

1 cup coconut milk
2 Tbsp granulated sugar
¼ tsp salt
2 Tbsp rice flour

For the shell: Place all ingredients in a blender and blend until smooth.

For the filling: Whisk the rice flour, sugar and salt together until there are no more clumps of flour. Add coconut milk and whisk until sugar is dissolved. Easy peasy!

*Both batters can be made in advance and stored in the fridge. Bring it out to room temp before using. If the shell batter has thickened up too much, you can add a bit of water to thin it out so it pours easily. The batter should have a runny consistency as shown in the video.

Prepare toppings and a cooling rack.

To cook:

Heat the pan at 325°F. To test pan for readiness, sprinkle a bit of water onto the pan, and if it sizzles away immediately it’s hot enough. Brush half the holes with coconut oil. I like to make only half a pan at a time in the beginning because you’ll likely be a bit slow and clumsy to start, and it’s just more manageable and less hectic to deal with a few at a time.  

**Stir both batters every time before you use it.**

Add ½ Tbsp of the shell batter into the pre-heated holes. Then add 1 tsp of the filling by dunking the teaspoon right into the middle of the shell and wiggle it slightly (see video for this technique). Let them cook for a minute or so, meanwhile, fill the rest of the pan.

After a minute or two of cooking, the cakes should be partially set, go ahead and add your toppings. If you’re using heavier toppings like corn or taro, and they sink too much into the cakes, just let the cakes set a bit more before topping. 

Continue to let them cook until the bottom is crispy and golden brown, and the top is no longer runny, about 5 mins. Give them at least 5 minutes to cook, do not rush them, that is how you get crispy bottoms. If the bottom is done but the top still needs more cooking, you can cover the pan with a pot lid to steam the top for 1 minute. To test doneness, tilt the pan slightly, and if the top doesn’t run, then it’s done. Tips: Feel free to adjust the temperature of the pan as needed during the cooking process.

Remove the cakes by pushing them up with a toothpick or skewer, and scooping them out with a spoon. Place on a rack to cool for a few minutes just so you don’t burn yourself, but you want to eat these while they’re still warm and crispy. These do NOT keep well as they go mushy and soggy real fast!! Note: I’m only using the toothpick to push the cakes up because I don’t want to scratch the nonstick pan with the spoon, but if you’re using cast iron, you can just use the spoon alone.
