8 hatch anaheim or poblano chile peppers, charred, peeled and carefully seeded to retain shape
2 cups chicken breast roasted , shredded
4 ounces cream cheese
2 tablespoons cilantro freshly chopped
1/4 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup cheddar cheese shredded
2 eggs
1 tablespoon flour
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/8 teaspoon baking powder
2 tablespoons cornmeal
3/4 cup peanut or canola oil

FOR SERVING
cheddar cheese shredded
salsa or pico de gallo
cilantro
sour cream
green onions sliced

To roast your chiles, preheat the oven to 425 and place chiles on a baking sheet. Roast until skin is charred and blackened about 25-35 minutes. Remove from oven and place in a bowl covered with plastic wrap. Set aside until cool. When chiles have cooled (about 30 minutes, carefully peel off the skins. Make a slit about 2" long on the chile and remove the seeds and membranes. Set aside.
In a small bowl mix together the cream cheese, cheddar, and cilantro. Add the shredded chicken and mix with your hands until well combined.
Form 2-3 tablespoons of the chicken mixture (depending on the size of your chilies) into a long roll, just slightly smaller than the chile. Stuff the chilies with the chicken mixture and refrigerate for one hour.
Separate the egg yolks and whites in two separate bowls. Add the flour, salt and baking powder to the egg yolks and mix together. Beat the egg whites until stiff peaks form. Fold the egg yolk mixture into the egg whites until just combined. Sprinkle in the cornmeal and fold to the egg white mixture, being careful not to deflate.
Place a heavy skillet over a medium heat. Add oil and wait until the oil reaches about 350-375 degrees.
Work with no more than 2-3 chiles at a time. Dip the filled chiles into the egg mixture and carefully place them in the hot oil. Fry until golden brown, flip the chilies and cook the other side until golden. Transfer to a tray lined with paper towels to drain. Continue with the remainder of the chiles.
Serve with extra shredded cheese, cilantro, or your favorite salsa.
