FOR THE GREEN BURRITO SAUCE:
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
3 tablespoons flour
1 cup low-sodium chicken broth
1 (14 ounce) can green enchilada sauce (use Hatch brand if you can find it)
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1/4 teaspoon salt
fresh ground black pepper to taste

FOR THE BURRITO FILLING:
3 cups shredded rotisserie chicken
1 (4 ounce) can mild diced green chiles drained
1/2 cup sour cream
1 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese
1/2 teaspoon salt
fresh ground black pepper to taste

FOR THE REST:
6 burrito size (10") flour tortillas
2 cups shredded cheese (I used a combination of sharp cheddar and Monterey Jack)
1/4 cup thinly sliced green onions
Optional toppings: cilantro avocado, sour cream, hot sauce or salsa

FOR THE GREEN BURRITO SAUCE:
Heat vegetable oil in a medium saucepan over LOW heat. Whisk in the flour and cook, whisking constantly, for a minute or two until mixture is just beginning to get lightly golden brown. Whisk in the chicken broth, enchilada sauce, cumin, salt, and pepper. Increase heat to MEDIUM-HIGH and bring mixture to a boil. Reduce heat enough to keep mixture at a low simmer and whisk lightly until thickened. Remove from heat and set aside.

FOR THE BURRITO FILLING:
Combine chicken, sour cream, drained diced green chiles, and 1 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese in a large mixing bowl. Season with salt and pepper.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Coat a 13" x 9" baking dish with non-stick cooking spray.
Place the stack of 6 tortillas between two paper towels and heat in the microwave for 20 to 30 seconds to soften slightly.
To assemble burritos, divide the filling between tortillas, fold edges inward over the top of filling and roll up. Place seam side down in the prepared baking dish. Spoon the sauce over the top and cover the dish with foil.
Bake in preheated oven for 20 minutes. Remove foil and sprinkle burritos with shredded cheese. Return to oven and bake for an additional 10 minutes, or until cheese is melted and the sauce is bubbly around the edges.
Sprinkle with sliced green onions and serve with additional toppings of your choice.
